Fix various issues (#1707)
HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org: src/content/en/2020/css.md

  sql_file="custom_property_depth.sql"
) }}

> Examining the selectors on which custom properties are declared further confirms that most custom property usage in the wild is fairly basic. 2 out of 3 custom property declarations are on the root element, indicating that they are used essentially as global constants. It is important to note that many popular polyfills have required them to be global in this vein, so developers using said polyfills may not have had a choice.

Reviewer: Since we're gonna change this anyway, let's follow the editors convention of written when less than 10.

```suggestion
Examining the selectors on which custom properties are declared further confirms that most custom property usage in the wild is fairly basic. Two out of three custom property declarations are on the root element, indicating that they are used essentially as global constants. It is important to note that many popular polyfills have required them to be global in this vein, so developers using said polyfills may not have had a choice.
```
